hello and welcome to gamers in TV the
multiplayer cross-platform online gaming
show that presses all the right buttons
this week we take you to the Skywalker
Ranch in san francisco for an exclusive
sneak preview of the massive new star
wars game the force unleashed also
coming up alone in the dark the game
that inspired our lifestyle is back and
the PC classics had a next-gen makeover
and we sharpen our axes grow our hair
and check into rehab with guitar hero
aerosmith first though it's a tough job
but somebody had to do it yep I dragged
myself to the Lucas HQ just outside San
Francisco for a bells and whistles
behind-the-scenes tour of George Lucas's
latest project now some people are
pretty cynical about Star Wars games I
think Star Wars will be ended with
Return of the Jedi I think they should
have just closed the lid there but
obviously there were the other three
appalling films and obviously as many
video games as you can think of of which
probably only two or three I think were
tolerable but I went along with an open
mind and a clean pair of underwear to
see what the Lucas team had in their
locker
okay so it's not as easy as it looks but
this really is where gaming meets film
on the same blue-screen stage where
Johnny Depp prance around playing pirate
the action for the new star wars game
was captured and the good news is the
result is far far away from any previous
effort to translate the iconic franchise
into a game the force unleashed is out
in late-september on xbox 360 ps3 PSP
ps2 wii and the nintendo DS and frankly
it's the first Star Wars game that
really feels like it was made by proper
Star Wars fans the plot fills the gap
between episodes 3 and 4 the old and the
new trilogy's and unlike some of the
recent films it seems to make sense on
the gaming side of things Lucas have
come up with the concept of Unleashed
force to harness the power of the next
gen consoles it's an all-out
over-the-top use of the famous star wars
force that allows you to blast boom and
batter your way through the meticulously
created worlds
the controls are smooth and easy to
handle the artwork and music will please
old-school Star Wars fans and the game
should be a pleasant surprise for casual
gamers and hardcore geeks alike and stay
tuned to gamers een TV for more Star
Wars magic next time we're previewing
the wii version and giving you an
exclusive behind-the-scenes tour of the
Skywalker Ranch now the fifth
installment of the alone in the dark
series has been released on the xbox ps2
wii and pc and comes out on the ps3 in
September the games already taken a
battering from some critics and
frustratingly we can see why there is a
great game in here somewhere it's just
buried beneath cumbersome controls and
awkward gameplay in its defense it looks
great and there are some stunning set
pieces it's just not playable enough to
be alone in the dark with for too long
they're trying to throw a little bit too
much in them they could you know they
should have just streamlined it you kind
of switching between the first-person
and third-person a lot maybe 30 just
decided on one or the other and just
just geared it towards that control
system it might have work better finally
it's the gaming equivalent of a kebab
the perfect post pub treat guitar hero 3
has silenced those critics said it was
just pushing buttons on a plastic toy
even though technically they were right
the latest addition to the ever-growing
Rock Gaming Arsenal is guitar hero
aerosmith a glorified expansion pack
that provides more Moorish strumming and
living room fantasizing not sure if it's
worth 40 quid for basically an add-on
but it does give you an excuse to let
your hair down and strut around your
front room screaming like a true
Boston's bad boy as if you needed an
excuse
we has opened up the door to casual
gaming and a guitar hero is pretty much
the ps3 and xbox 360's reports to that
it is as close you can get to a perfect
post pub game that's it for this week
but console yourself with the fact that
will be back soon with much much more